Hey everyone, welcome back to the final
lecture of Boost Your Income with
Bootstrap to WordPress,
congratulations, you did it.
This was a big course, and if you made it
this far, super, super congratulations.
You're awesome, a very talented,
and skilled web developer.
I know this course was pretty challenging,
it was challenging for
me to make, and I wanted to make
sure it was perfect for you.
It's a work in progress always,
meaning I'm gonna be adding more valuable
content as time goes on, making the course
bigger and bigger, and more valuable.
I'm gonna try my best to keep everything
up to date, so that you new students
have the ability to learn
with the latest software and
WordPress and Bootstrap and
everything like that.
So, without further adieu I wanted to
give you a few tips and resources and
what you need to do from here.
So given that you've
learned all these skills,
maybe you've done
the course a couple times.
Maybe you've done the famous Brad Hussey
pause and rewind, I hear that
a lot from new students out there who
are a little bit stressed by my speed.
That's my challenge,
I like to be fast to challenge you.
So from this point,
there's a lot of stuff that you can do.
If you're a total beginner,
you could go back and do the course again,
you could take notes in the certain
parts of the course that maybe was
a little bit too challenging and
you wanted to revisit.
If you're intermediate level, or maybe
you just blasted through the course and
you learned so much and
you hit the ground running.
That's my goal,
that's what I want you to be.
I want you to be hitting the ground
running, whether you are a total beginner
or you are an expert and if I helped you
become an expert, then that's amazing.
That's exactly what I'm trying to aim for
here.
Now that you have such a valuable skill,
coding custom WordPress themes with
Bootstrap, you can do a lot,
you have options.
You could create your own website,
create your own portfolio website.
If you're a graphic designer, you could
start taking on web design projects
rather than just graphic design projects
and increase your income significantly.
I'm talking 1, 2, 3, 4, $5,000 a month.
If you're a busy graphic designer and
you're outsourcing a lot of your
web design to different developers,
you could do that yourself and
you could double your income each month.
If your a web developer, like me, as soon
as I started taking on WordPress projects,
as soon as I learned how to code
custom WordPress websites and
I started taking those on, I started
making way more money then I did before.
Before I was just doing some basic
websites using static HTML and
I would get people to do the WordPress for
me and I paid them to do it.
But now that I'm able to do it myself,
that's a huge asset to my business and
I am able to make a lot
more money doing it.
And that's why I want to pass that on
to you because you can have that skill.
Now that you do, you can start
charging more money for your services.
You could start a business
as a web developer
who develops custom WordPress websites.
You could sell your themes on
marketplaces like Theme Forest.
There's a lot you can do.
So we're not done.
This course is gonna keep growing and
I'm gonna be here to help you, do my best.
A really good thing for you to do
right now, if you haven't already,
go to my website, bradhussey.ca and
subscribe to my blog because
that blog is growing.
I'm providing more and more resources for
you, in terms of life inspiration and
more importantly, how to develop
your business as a freelancer,
whether you're a web developer,
graphic designer, painter, whatever it is.
I'm gonna try and provide you all
the tools and resources that I can there.
I have a great resources section on
my blog, bradhussey.ca/resources for
any tools and resources that I use,
help me in my business,
I think that they can help you as well.
You can also check out my code school,
codecollege.ca, right there.
That's where I always put
my online courses as well.
They are also on udemy.com and
you can also check me out on YouTube.com.
All these places, I do my best to provide
the most valuable that I can give to you.
That being said, good luck,
congratulations, you are awesome, and
thanks so much for taking the course.
Before you go,
I want to ask a quick favor of you.
If you made it this far, you clearly
put a lot of time and effort into this.
I put a lot of time and
effort into this course, as well.
It's taken me about eight months
of hard hardcore work and
I've been working full time as
a freelance web developer, as well.
I'm also a father and I have a family.
So, I'm pretty busy and I'm here
recording these lectures hardcore and
trying to give you the most value I can.
So, if you could just take a few moments
out of your day, it should only take about
a minute, please rate and review
the course, and share it with somebody.
You have to know somebody out there
who could benefit from this course.
So share it with them,
share it on your Twitter account,
Facebook, Google Plus,
share it where you can.
If you're in some forums and
you're connected with some people there,
maybe you know someone
who could use this skill.
I do my best to give you my best and I
can't wait to see where you go from here.
See you.
[MUSIC]